PiBells
-------

Usage
PiBells is designed to be run without a monitor and is controlled by a keyboard
A keyboard is not necessary if the additional options are not required.
The keyboard interface is described below:
    Pressing a single bell value 1-9,0, e(-), t(=) will play the bell (if enabled)
    m + bell    will mute that bell number (always)
    u + bell    will unmute that bell number (but may not play if above the tenor)
    h + bell    will set that bell as the tenor
    f + bell    will make the bell sound 100th of a second earlier 
                (reduce the delay programmed into the photohead box)
    s + bell    will make the bell sound 100th of a second later 
                (increase the delay programmed into the photohead box)
    d + bell    will set the delay to the default delay (loaded from the config)
    r           will clear all the current settings (tenor and muting)
    l           will toggle debug logging on/off
    k + up/down will set the bells to be a ring of 12 in D (down) to a ring of 6 in D (up) through
                6 in D
                6 in C#
                6 in C
                8 in B
                8 in A#
                8 in A
                8 in G#
                9 in G
                10 in F#
                12 in E
                12 in D
    p           will toggle the playing of sounds when the bell numbers/letters are pressed
    q           shut down the application and power off the Pi
                this needs to be pressed twice 3 seconds
    z           restart the application (quicker than the Pi) - when the audio doesn't work correctly
                this needs to be pressed twice in 3 seconds
    w + bell    start the selected demo playing until one of the normal bell keys is pressed
                Default demonstrations are:
                    1.  Plain hunt on 6
                    2.  Plain Bob doubles without a tenor
                    3.  Plain Bob doubles with a tenor
                    4.  Plain Bob Minor
                    5.  St Simon's Bob Doubles with a tenor
                    6.  Single Oxford Bob Minor
                    7.  Erin Triples with a tenor
                    8.  Double Norwich Court Bob Major
                    9.  Grandsire Caters with a tenor
                    10. Yorkshire Royal
                    11. Stedman Cinques with a tenor
                    12. Little Bob Maximus
                Note: The bells start from 1 of a 12, so ensure the tenor and key are set accordingly
                e.g. Plain hunt of 6 (w-1), in B (an 8) with the tenor as 12 will only play the heaviest two bells

WiFi Access Point
-----------------
To view the logs (for investigating problems), there is a WiFi access point generated from the 
Raspberry Pi. The SSID is PiBells, and the password is PiBells1.

After connecting, go to http://pibells.local:9001 to view the generated log file.
